Cyber Daily highlights daily news and trending threats provided by Recorded
Future

|

| |

![Cyber Daily Header](https://go.recordedfuture.com/hs-
fs/hubfs/logos-2021/cyber-daily.png?width=1370&upscale=true&name=cyber-
daily.png)  
  
---  
|

| |

 __ _Cyber Daily highlights daily news and trending threats provided by
Recorded Future_  

## Podcast: The scariest piece of malware since Stuxnet

![](https://go.recordedfuture.com/hs-fs/hubfs/clickhere-
cyberdaily.gif?width=1200&height=696&upscale=true&name=clickhere-
cyberdaily.gif)

Back in April, cybersecurity officials discovered the notorious “Industroyer”
malware in the Ukrainian electrical grid. It might have been the scariest
infrastructure hack since malware destroyed centrifuges at an Iranian uranium
enrichment plant in 2010 – were it not for a TGIF miracle.  
  
---  
|

|

## Patched TikTok security flaw allowed one-click account takeovers

![](https://therecord.media/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/tiktok-1024x584.png)

A TikTok vulnerability could have allowed hackers to hijack user accounts on
the short-form video app with one click, researchers at Microsoft said
Wednesday. The vulnerability, which is identified as CVE-2022-28799, affected
versions of TikTok’s Android app, which have over 1.5 billion installations
combined. In an extensive write-up, Microsoft’s 365 Defender Research Team
said it […]

The post Patched TikTok security flaw allowed one-click account takeovers
appeared first on The Record by Recorded Future.  
  
---  
  
## Migration policy org confirms cyberattack after extortion group touts theft

![](https://therecord.media/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/ICMPD_logo-new-
PhotoRoom-e1661977921113-1024x504.png)

The International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) confirmed on
Wednesday it suffered a cyberattack that led to a data breach. ICMPD operates
in 90 countries conducting research, projects and activities centered around
migration. It currently has 19 member states — most of which are European —
and has observer status at the United Nations. […]

The post Migration policy org confirms cyberattack after extortion group touts
theft appeared first on The Record by Recorded Future.  
  
## Chile says gov’t agency struggling with ransomware attack

![](https://therecord.media/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/felipe-
brayner-5_n7czfqgK8-unsplash-2-1024x570.jpg)

Chile’s cybersecurity incident response team said an unnamed government agency
is dealing with a ransomware attack that targeted the organization’s Microsoft
tools and VMware ESXi servers. Chile’s CSIRT said the attack started last
Thursday but did not respond to requests for comment about what group was
behind the attack or what department or agency was […]

The post Chile says gov’t agency struggling with ransomware attack appeared
first on The Record by Recorded Future.  
  
## CISA, Dell and more partner for HBCU cybersecurity program

![](https://therecord.media/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/desola-lanre-ologun-
IgUR1iX0mqM-unsplash-1-1024x569.jpg)

The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) and several top
tech companies have joined forces with the National Cybersecurity Alliance
nonprofit to create a new cybersecurity program at several historically black
colleges and universities (HBCUs). Students from Prairie View A&M, Southern
University, St. Philip’s College, Texas Southern University and more will have
the chance to […]

The post CISA, Dell and more partner for HBCU cybersecurity program appeared
first on The Record by Recorded Future.  
  
## Exploited Vulnerabilities

CVE-2021-44228

Hits: 9 | Related products: Apache Log4j, Apache Log4j 2, Apache Software
Foundation Apache HTTP Server, Java, VMware Horizon

CVE-2022-32893

Hits: 8 | Related products: iOS, Apple Safari, WebKit, MacOS, macOS Big Sur

CVE-2022-32894

Hits: 5 | Related products: iOS, Apple iPhone, WebKit, iOS 12, MacOS

CVE-2022-30525

Hits: 5 | Related products: USG FLEX, Python, GitHub, MITRE ATT&CK Framework ,
Metasploit Project

CVE-2022-22965

Hits: 4 | Related products: Spring Framework, Java, Spring Cloud Function,
Apache Software Foundation Apache HTTP Server, Amazon Relational Database
Service  
  
## Malware

RagnarLocker

Hits: 35 | Targets: CMA CGM, Energias de Portugal SA, Capcom Co., Ltd,
Critical infrastructure, United States

Cuba Ransomware

Hits: 15 | Targets: Microsoft, Critical infrastructure, Encryption, United
States, Argentina

Scanbox Framework

Hits: 7 | Targets: Pakistan, Pakistani government, Netherlands, Australian
Government, National Foreign Trade Council

Agenda Ransomware

Hits: 5 | Targets: South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Indonesia, Microsoft
Windows

Emotet

Hits: 4 | Targets: United States, Microsoft Windows, Germany, Google Chrome,
Japan  
  
## Suspicious IP Addresses

179[.]60[.]146[.]25

Hits: 29 | First seen in Recorded Future on 29 Mar 2015 20:55:35

42[.]194[.]199[.]231

Hits: 18 | First seen in Recorded Future on 16 May 2021 08:06:58

192[.]144[.]235[.]152

Hits: 16 | First seen in Recorded Future on 31 Jul 2022 14:11:51

101[.]32[.]204[.]81

Hits: 16 | First seen in Recorded Future on 10 Dec 2021 22:29:46

194[.]135[.]24[.]251

Hits: 16 | First seen in Recorded Future on 14 Jul 2022 19:53:32  
  
| | |  
  
---  
|

###  Presented by Recorded Future

##

Intelligence: The Cornerstone of Toshiba’s Aggressive Security Transformation

![](https://go.recordedfuture.com/hs-fs/hubfs/toshiba-
casestudy.gif?width=1200&height=682&upscale=true&name=toshiba-casestudy.gif)

Learn how Cyber Security Center at Toshiba protects their business with the
Recorded Future Intelligence Cloud

_

Cyber Daily works best when combined with Express, a free browser extension
from Recorded Future that delivers additional intelligence via risk scores and
context on IP addresses, domains, hashes, URLs, and CVEs. To see risk scores
in Cyber Daily, just Install Express and click  View as a Web Page

_ Know someone who might enjoy Cyber Daily?  
  
  
---  
|

![Share on
Facebook](https://static.hubspot.com/final/img/common/icons/social/facebook-24x24.png)
![Share on
LinkedIn](https://static.hubspot.com/final/img/common/icons/social/linkedin-24x24.png)
![Share on
Twitter](https://static.hubspot.com/final/img/common/icons/social/twitter-24x24.png)  
  
---  
  
| |

© 2021 Recorded Future, Inc. 363 Highland Avenue, Somerville, MA 02144

You received this email because you are subscribed to Cyber Daily from
Recorded Future. The information in this email may not be reused or
redistributed without express written consent of Recorded Future.

Unsubscribe | Privacy | Terms | FAQ  
  
---  
![Web Bug from
https://go.recordedfuture.com/e3t/Cto/F7+113/c1CFj04/VWn8Ld5pNhznW3Rn10195Z_cCW2lg-
cV4PqgPNW6D7jH-3D03S_103](data:image/png;base64,RkZGRkZGLTAuMC5wbmc=)

